developer_tools/README.md, before:

# Developer tools

In this project, you will analyze this website https://dev-tools.hbtn.info/.

## Learning Objectives
At the end of this project, you are expected to be able to explain to anyone, without the help of Google:


```
- What Developer Tools in your browser are
- How to open the Developer Tools on Chrome, Firefox, Safari, and Edge.
- How to use the elements tab to edit HTML and CSS
- How to audit a page according to the tips suggested by Lighthouse
- How to create and run snippets on a page
- How to get information about files and server configurations
- How to block requests
- How to know how much JavaScript or CSS is used on a page
- How to detect 404 issues
- How to move elements on a webpage
```
## Requirements

- A README.md file, at the root of the folder of the project, is mandatory
- Use the newest version of Google Chrome browser (78.0.3904.70 or later).
- Screenshots can be taken via the OS, not necessary via the DevTools. These screenshots are used to see how and where you are doing/playing with the DevTools.

## Tasks
0. Responsive device
```
Go to https://dev-tools.hbtn.info/

Take a screenshot of the website using the device toolbar Choose iPhone X and show the size in your screenshot (selected device or size in pixel of the rendering)
```
1. Change the background color
```
Go to https://dev-tools.hbtn.info/

Change the background-color of the body to use #4233bd Take a screenshot of the PORTFOLIO section
```
2. Force element state
```
Go to https://dev-tools.hbtn.info/

Force the hover state of the “cake” block in the section Portfolio Take a screenshot of it
```
3. Copy all the styles of the button
```
Go to https://dev-tools.hbtn.info/

Select the Download me! and copy all the CSS styling that is applied on this button.
```
4. Change button styles
```
Go to https://dev-tools.hbtn.info/

- All primary buttons (btn-primary) should have the #0080ee color as a background color
- All outlined buttons light (btn-outline-light) should have #0020aa for the text color
- Screenshot all buttons that changed and merge it to one image
```
5. Remove part of the website
```
Go to https://dev-tools.hbtn.info/

Remove the div of the “cake” box in the section Portfolio
Take a screenshot of it
```
6. Where is it coming from?
```
Go to https://dev-tools.hbtn.info/

- On the right panel, click on the Computed tab
- Then, select the h2 with the text ABOUT
- Search for margin-bottom

Which file is coming from that declaration?
```
7. How many listeners
```
Go to https://dev-tools.hbtn.info/

How many times click events are referenced in JavaScript files?
```
8. What is the HSL code
```
Go to https://dev-tools.hbtn.info/

Select the primary button “Send”
What is the equivalent value of the hexadecimal background-color, in HSL?
```

Commit message:

task 9. The max-width of the container

developer_tools/README.md, after:

# Developer tools

In this project, you will analyze this website https://dev-tools.hbtn.info/.

## Learning Objectives
At the end of this project, you are expected to be able to explain to anyone, without the help of Google:


```
- What Developer Tools in your browser are
- How to open the Developer Tools on Chrome, Firefox, Safari, and Edge.
- How to use the elements tab to edit HTML and CSS
- How to audit a page according to the tips suggested by Lighthouse
- How to create and run snippets on a page
- How to get information about files and server configurations
- How to block requests
- How to know how much JavaScript or CSS is used on a page
- How to detect 404 issues
- How to move elements on a webpage
```
## Requirements

- A README.md file, at the root of the folder of the project, is mandatory
- Use the newest version of Google Chrome browser (78.0.3904.70 or later).
- Screenshots can be taken via the OS, not necessary via the DevTools. These screenshots are used to see how and where you are doing/playing with the DevTools.

## Tasks
0. Responsive device
```
Take a screenshot of the website using the device toolbar Choose iPhone X and show the size in your screenshot (selected device or size in pixel of the rendering)
```
1. Change the background color
```
Change the background-color of the body to use #4233bd Take a screenshot of the PORTFOLIO section
```
2. Force element state
```
Force the hover state of the “cake” block in the section Portfolio Take a screenshot of it
```
3. Copy all the styles of the button
```
Select the Download me! and copy all the CSS styling that is applied on this button.
```
4. Change button styles
```
- All primary buttons (btn-primary) should have the #0080ee color as a background color
- All outlined buttons light (btn-outline-light) should have #0020aa for the text color
- Screenshot all buttons that changed and merge it to one image
```
5. Remove part of the website
```
Remove the div of the “cake” box in the section Portfolio
Take a screenshot of it
```
6. Where is it coming from?
```
- On the right panel, click on the Computed tab
- Then, select the h2 with the text ABOUT
- Search for margin-bottom

Which file is coming from that declaration?
```
7. How many listeners
```
How many times click events are referenced in JavaScript files?
```
8. What is the HSL code
```
Select the primary button “Send”
What is the equivalent value of the hexadecimal background-color, in HSL?
```
9. The max-width of the container
```
What is the max-width for the first .container in the section “About”? (your browser width must be between 1250px and 1440px and with a zoom at 100%)
```
